Added custom notification messages using text/template (#60)
offen/docker-volume-backup: docs/NOTIFICATION-TEMPLATES.md

# Notification templates reference

> In order to customize title and body of notifications you'll have to write a [go templates](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template) and mount it inside the `/etc/dockervolumebackup/notifications.d/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to customize title and body of notifications you'll have to write a [go template](https://pkg.go.dev/text/template) and mount it inside the `/etc/dockervolumebackup/notifications.d/` directory.
```

> Data and functions will be passed to it, this page documents it fully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration, data about the backup run and helper functions will be passed to this template, this page documents them fully.
```
